Fixing some small issues with the stable box docs (#1113)
theforeman/forklift: docs/stable_boxes.md

#### The workflow

Box images are created with Vagrant's [Packer tool](https://packer.io). To view development documentation, see [the packer directory's README](../packer/README.md).

> Packer will create an image by bootstrapping an operating system from a kickstart file and then run the ansible playbook we specify in the Packer template. A cron job (or other automated job) will use Packer to create this box on a set schedule. If the box succeeds in its installation, it is published to Vagrant cloud. This ensures that only successfully installed boxes are used for the stable image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Packer will create an image by bootstrapping an operating system from a kickstart file and then run the ansible playbook specifed in the Packer template. A cron job (or other automated job) will use Packer to create this box on a set schedule. If the box succeeds in its installation, it is published to Vagrant cloud. This ensures that only successfully installed boxes are used for the stable image.
```

Author: thanks, updated!
